Humans vs. Zombies app for Android

This is the final project for CSCI 422: User Interface Design

Kevin Raber
Chris Loew
Rory Olsen

Fall 2011


CGI Scripts:
  Currently, this app uses .cgi scripts on the inside.mines.edu server
to synch data on players and flares. The app communicates with
inside.mines.edu/~cloew and inside.mines.edu/~rolsen. The public_html
directory contains the cgi-bin containing the .cgi scripts.



Android limitations:

Emulator's Lack Of GPS
  Android currently does not provide a function to determine whether
or not the device running the application is an emulator or a real
Android-powered device. This is a problem for the GPS functionality,
because the emulator does not have an easy way to mimic GPS functions.
Because of this, we chose to hard-code whether the current compilation
is for an emulator or a real Android-powered device. The first few
lines of MiniMapActivity class in the package csci422.final_project
determine which compilation you want. Alternatively, you could apparently
enable your emulator to use a fake GPS function. (We were unable to get
this to work.)

Eclipse Exports
  When running the application from Eclipse's Run function, the
application will not be signed. Because of this, map tiles will not
load. If you want the map tiles to load, you need to load the signed
application on the device. To do so, follow these instructions:

Instructions for making Google maps work on your emulator:

1. Start the emulator

2. Make sure HvZ is uninstalled. On the emulator,
    go to Settings > Applications > Manage applications > HvZ,
    and hit Uninstall

3. At the top of the MiniMapActivity class in the package
  csci422.final_project, make sure that the line
	  private static final boolean PHONE = true;
	is commented out and the line
	  private static final boolean PHONE = false;
	is uncommented.

(Alternatively, you could apparently enable your emulator to use a
fake GPS function. (We were unable to get this to work.)

4. Export the HvZ_Activity.apk using Eclipse export wizard. (To start
    it, go File > Export.) Export the hvz.keystore (the password
    is pandaroll)

With the terminal:
5. cd to path/to/android-sdk-macosx/platform-tools

6. do a $ adb devices
    (to verify you have an emulator running)

7. do a $ adb install /path/to/HvZ_Activity.apk
    (This will be the path you supply at the last step of the Eclipse
    export wizard.)

Google maps should now work with the mini map on the emulator.
